sample: serial_lte_modem Enable sleep for power saving (#1675)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: samples/nrf9160/serial_lte_modem/README.rst

External MCU configuration
==========================

> To work with external MCU (nRF52), you must set the configuration option ``CONFIG_SLM_GPIO_WAKEUP``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work with the external MCU (nRF52), you must set the configuration options ``CONFIG_SLM_GPIO_WAKEUP`` and ``CONFIG_SLM_CONNECT_UART_2``.
```

Reviewer: Please keep the sentence on one line.

Author: Updated, thanks

Note that the GPIO output level on nRF91 side should be 3 V.

Generic commands
****************

The following proprietary generic AT commands are used in this sample:

* AT#XSLMVER

> * AT#XSLEEP (Only for external MCU configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* AT#XSLEEP (only for external MCU configuration)
```

Author: Updated, thanks
